[KOGITO-3039] - Agnostic infrastructure layer configuration on Operator (#2911)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/openshift/proc-kogito-travel-agency-enable-data-index.adoc

.Installing Data Index Service
[source]
----

> $ kogito install data-index --infra kogito-infinispan-infra --infra kogito-kafka-infra

Reviewer: Same as above

Reviewer 2: Ditto

----

> When you enter this command, the {PRODUCT} Operator provisions the Data Index Service to connect to your existing infrastructures.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you enter this command, the {PRODUCT} Operator provisions the Data Index Service to connect to the given infrastructures.
```

Author: done
